Update README: Improved Readability and Added Details (#144)
jenkins-infra/pipeline-steps-doc-generator: README.md

* Remove previously existing pipeline steps AsciiDoc from `jenkins.io`, if any.

```Shell
rm -v ../jenkins.io/content/doc/pipeline/steps/*.adoc
```

* Run the `Makefile` created in [Step 4](https://github.com/vihaanthora/gsoc-progress/new/main#4-create-makefile).

```Shell
make -C ../../jenkinsci/schedule-build-plugin copy-plugins
```

* Install the `pipeline-steps-doc-generator` modules.

```Shell
mvn clean install
```

* Run this project and generate the documentation.

> **NOTE:** If you are working with another plugin, replace the path after `-homeDir $(pwd)/../../` with that of your plugin.

```Shell
mvn "-Dexec.args=-classpath %classpath org.jenkinsci.pipeline_steps_doc_generator.PipelineStepExtractor -homeDir $(pwd)/../../jenkinsci/schedule-build-plugin -asciiDest $(pwd)/../jenkins.io/content/doc/pipeline/steps -declarativeDest /tmp/declarative" -Dexec.executable=$(which java) org.codehaus.mojo:exec-maven-plugin:3.0.0:exec
```

* Finally, build and run the `jenkins.io` website.

```Shell
make -C ../jenkins.io run
```

> You can then browse to [this](http://localhost:4242/doc/pipeline/steps/) link to see the running instance of `jenkins.io` on your `localhost`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then browse to [steps documentation](http://localhost:4242/doc/pipeline/steps/) to see the running instance of `jenkins.io` on your `localhost`.
```
